Clarify Code of Conduct (#4670)
bevyengine/bevy: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Our Standards

In this community we strive to go the extra step to look out for each other and build up each others work, skills and confidence.

> Don’t just aim to be technically unimpeachable, try to be your best self.

Reviewer: > technically unimpeachable

I know this is coming from the original CoC, but as a non-native speaker, it took me a second to even understand what that means. I'm still not 100% sure.

Is it talking about people essentially trying to get as close as possible to the limit without breaking any rules?

Author: ```suggestion
Don’t try to push the line of what's "technically allowed", instead, try to act with maturity, kindness and grace.
```

If someone takes issue with something you said or did, resist the urge to be defensive. Just stop doing what it was they complained about and apologize. Even if you feel you were misinterpreted or unfairly accused, chances are good there was something you could’ve communicated better — remember that it’s your responsibility to make others in the community comfortable. Everyone wants to get along and we are all here first and foremost because we want to talk about cool technology. You will find that people will be eager to assume good intent and forgive as long as you earn their trust.

Respect that people have differences of opinion and that every design or implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. There is seldom a right answer.
Bevy welcomes experimentation and iteration: if you have an idea for how something could be done better, you want to experiment with, make a PR or write an RFC to show us how it compares in practice!

## Moderation

These are the policies for upholding [our community’s standards of conduct](#our-standards). If you feel that a thread needs moderation, please contact the maintainers.

> The enforcement policies in the code of conduct apply to all official venues, including Discord channels, GitHub repositories, the Twitter community and all other forums.

Reviewer 2: I know this wasn't changed, but enforcement policies are really only enforceable where Bevy maintainers and org members control the forum of discussion (i.e. GitHub and Discord). On a public forum like Twitter, it seems impossible to enforce these CoC policies. Perhaps we should reword this.

Author: Hmm. What about things like replies to Bevy threads?

Reviewer 2: Sure, but that's rather limited in scope. Most of this CoC is focused on person-to-person interactions within the community, and wouldn't this broadly cover any Bevy related discussions on Twitter as well? We could bar said offender from the GitHub/Discord, but that likely does nothing to stop them from engaging in toxic behavior there. 

I think this should be reworded to:

```
These policies will be enforced in all official Bevy forums (Discord, GitHub, Reddit, etc.), but rules apply broadly to anywhere members of the community interact, including but not limited to Discord, GitHub, Reddit, Twitter, HackerNews, or in person meetings.
```

Author: ```suggestion
These policies will be enforced in all official Bevy forums (Discord, GitHub, Reddit, etc.), but rules apply broadly to anywhere members of the community interact, including but not limited to unofficial discussions of Bevy, Bevy ecosystem spaces, or in person meetings.
```

1. Hateful, hurtful, oppressive, or exclusionary remarks are not allowed.
2. Personal attacks are out-of-line.

>    1. Disagree with specific actions and decisions in a constructive way.

Reviewer 2: Having moderated a few communities myself, I've long preferred short-form rule wording so that it's easier to get the full breadth. Could this sub bullet points be shortened and merged with the top level ones? or omitted entirely? A lot of these are "common sense" justifications or alternatives.

   1. These are genuinely unhelpful and make everyone feel worse.
   2. High level concerns are fine, but they should be actionable and specific.
   3. Feedback is essential to help the project improve: please bring it up directly and try your best to accept decisions made.
4. Nicknames or aliases that are offensive or overtly sexual are not allowed. You will be asked to change these.
5. Spamming, low-grade trolling and flame-baiting make the community worse and are not allowed.
   1. If it's disruptive, oddly uncomfortable or intended to confuse or prank other users, it's probably not welcome here.
   2. Thoughtful political discussion is permitted in off-topic channels, but political memes are banned.
6. Bevy is an all-ages community. This is not the place for explicitly sexual or gorey materials.

Maintainers are held to a higher standard than other community members.
If a maintainer violates community standards, they should expect less leeway than others.
These policies apply to private interactions between community members as well as those in public: if someone has been harassing you in private, let us know.

> When the standards are violated, maintainers will:

Reviewer 2: It's odd to see `If a maintainer violates community standards, they should expect less leeway than others.` immediately followed up with `When the standards are violated, maintainers will:`, which seems to suggest that even if maintainers are held to a higher standard, the only people that can hold them accountable is themselves.

While the venn diagram of maintainers and community moderators are currently a perfect circle, I think this should definitely be worded to say "moderators" over "maintainers".

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure that's an improvement. Given that moderators may be the same as maintainers for a while, introducing the idea that they're seperate groups is unlikely to clarify matters. How about "uninvolved maintainers"?
